In the book of Romans,
the first chapter, verse 20,
it talks about how you
can perceive Jehovah’s creative power
by what we see in creation around us.
When you’re in a national park
and you see the beauty of these parks,
you immediately think of that scripture.
We have individuals driving
from an hour and a half
to over three hours one-way
to share in this form of witnessing.
National parks generally have
what is called a freeness of speech area.
So that allows us
to be able to get permission
to go into the parks
to set up our carts there.
It’s just a nice place to come and relax,
and when people are relaxed,
they’re wanting to talk.
They already kind of have
a sense of closeness with God;
it kind of gets them thinking
about their spirituality,
and then when they see our cart
displayed so nicely about that,
it kind of draws them toward that.
You will find visitors
from all parts of the world.
Many cultures are represented.
And quite often,
we will have literature in their language.
There are many that benefit
from our work at the carts.
But especially noteworthy are those
who do not have access to Bible literature.
A Chinese couple came up, and they said,
“Thank you for giving us
the Bible in our language.”
That made our day.
It was fabulous!
They may not stop.
They may not talk to us.
But they see it,
and that registers in their mind
—that they’ve seen this
at an airport or in their city.
And now they’re going to look into it
or go to the website and wonder:
‘What was that all about?
What were those people doing there?’
We sit here sometimes
thinking we need to pinch ourselves
because it’s so beautiful
that we’ve been given the privilege
of doing the cart work
in a location like this.
Very soon,
these national parks will not just be
isolated places that we have to travel to
—the entire world will be that national park.
And what a joy it will be
when every single person alive
can enjoy that beautiful painting
that our Creator has made for us!